Congratulations, you finish the last lesson of this course.
Let's recap what we have learned in this lesson.
You use the Mongo driver,
to do basic, read, and update operations.
You created spring data repositories and
road test for them using the Spring Test Framework.
Throughout this course, you have learned many abstractions.
For relational databases, you use JDBC,
the GPA, and Spring Data GPA.
For MongoDB, you use the MongoDB Driver and Spring Data MongoDB.
As a developer, these abstractions make your life easier but
that is no reason to skip the underlying concepts that support these abstractions.
Understanding the fundamentals makes you a better developer
and allows you to learn newer abstractions faster.
Congratulations again on completing the course, and happy learning.